He actually pulled it out
old man
Long time no see.
What happened just now?
It hurts to death, he really pulled out the Eight Desolate Python Blade
Is he a lobster?
New Generation Tianjiao
How is this possible?
He's just a piece of crap
It's just coincidence.
The Eight Desolate Python Blade reacted violently just now
It means that Lord Long Shuai is coming
The Eight Desolate Knives became loose as a result
Will be pulled out by him
I knew it, Linze, you're courting death
Don't implicate us adults
If Long Shuai knows about this
You're going to take it out on everybody.
You'd better arrest him quickly
Lin Ce's knife was allowed by Ben Hou
If Tiandoulong Shuai blames it
It will be borne by Ben Hou alone, my lord
What a noble status you are
But to take the blame for this kid who doesn't know how to live or die
This can't be done, we don't agree
Yes, no, no, no, no.
You foolish women are truly hopeless
I'll fend for myself
Don't even beg for my protection
Nor do they deserve to enjoy my favor and leadership
Do you want to listen to what you are saying?
Which onion are you?
And protect me
How come I've never heard of it?
There is still a god like you downstairs.
Hahaha, I'm dying of laughter.
You can actually pull out the Eight Desolate Python Blade when you close your lips
Then his identity is not announced by me
Appointments in Lake Province
And all quotas void
Who do you think you are?
I also want to revoke the interests that belong to us
Just because Tiger Country was destroyed by me
All about Tiger Country
I have absolute distribution rights